adding topics for 4x aro docs (#21121)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/web-console-overview.adoc

----

Use those details to log in and access the web console.
endif::[]

ifdef::openshift-aro[]
The web console runs as a pod on the master. The static assets required to run the web console are served by the pod.

> To access the web console, follow the steps in the Microsoft Azure Docs on link:https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/openshift/tutorial-create-cluster#step-4-sign-in-to-the-openshift-console[signing into the OpenShift console].

Reviewer: Look out - you've got the v3 link here.

```suggestion
To access the web console, follow the steps in the Microsoft Azure documentation on link:https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/openshift/howto-using-azure-redhat-openshift#access-the-cluster-console[signing into the OpenShift console].
```
